shibata revised some steps for org migration (#73)
fujitake/vantiq-related: vantiq-platform-operations/docs/eng/vantiq-org-migration.md

# Vantiq Organization Migration Guide

> This instruction describes the steps for migrating a Vantiq Organization between Vantiq Clouds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This instruction describes the steps for migrating a Vantiq Organization from one Vantiq Cloud to another.
```

## Scenario

> Vantiq Cloud (dev.vantiq.co.jp) was used as the Development environment, but the company will build a private Vantiq environment in its own cloud environment and migrate Organization, users, applications under development, etc.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One company is currently using Vantiq Cloud (dev.vantiq.co.jp)  as a development environment (As-Is), and is going to migrate the development space to a private Vantiq environment in its own cloud environment (To-Be), hence the need for migrating the Organization, its users, applications under development, etc.  
```
